all right so as he loves to do president
Trump has created a new controversy
around this virus that has potentially
vaguely racial tones he called it the
China virus and sagger you have been
taking some heat and frankly I have been
taking some yes on foxy heat so first of
all let me see yeah just explain your
thinking around why you want to use that
term sure first of all let me say this
everybody leave Krystle alone she
doesn't control my Twitter I tweet
everything I tweet is on me you can
direct all hatred to this person right
here I'm legitimizing you that's you
know we're co-hosts okay anyway that
idiocy aside I am passionate not okay
the reason why I defend the term is
because I think it is the height of
cynical political correctness and it's a
proxy war over something that I am
deeply passionate about which is
ensuring that Americans supply chains
are repatriated from China to the United
States so the way that I see it is that
by the proxy war over the outrage of our
calling it to China virus or the Chinese
coronavirus and all of this stuff etc is
really a way in order for people to say
that whenever the time comes as in right
now senator Josh Holley demanding all
multinational corporations tell them how
they're gonna move supply chains out of
China is itself racist they're saying
that it's racist for us to be concerned
about supply chain and interaction about
the fact that the Chinese government
covered up this global pandemic for two
months and some of my critics have
rightfully said you don't seem to be
they said oh you don't seem as if you're
so upset as well about the Trump
administration's lack of response no I
think I mean people who watched rising
know that I was furious with the
president's response that I thought that
for the first three weeks of this virus
that they did not take it seriously I
was highly critical of the federal
government trying to sound the alarm
making sure that our viewers knew what
was going on so first of all that's not
even that's not even on the table second
one and you know what this is totally
legitimate which is that people are
saying you are legitimizing violence
or attacks or bullying against Chinese
Americans so let me say this at the very
top I have nothing but contempt for
anybody who would use this to cynically
go after any Chinese American and as I
stood with Andrew yang and battling back
Asian American stereotypes during the
campaign I don't think you any like
anybody could reasonably say that that's
what my agenda here is so let me start
off with that and look I was I'm you
know I wouldn't I was in elementary
school people used to call me Saddam
Hussein's nephew after 9/11 with plenty
of this stuff on my own however I do not
think people are so stupid that or I
think we should give enough people
credit that nobody's gonna hear the term
Chinese coronavirus or Chinese virus and
use that as an excuse in order to bully
or attack people this is a geopolitical
point because the Chinese government has
made very clear that they do not want to
they'd want to make sure they Gaslight
the entire world into believing that the
virus did not emanate from China because
it would absolve them of the pandemic
cover-up in the first two months of this
entire thing so look this is my full
explanation I'm welcome to all criticism
and this is the I mean all of this
crypto fascism Nazism accusations is
utterly ridiculous
nobody has approached I think the left
with more good faith in the right than
me and I would at least appreciate a
little bit of that do on my side but
with that this is the problem with like
taking someone's Twitter feed and then
extrapolating that that's like the whole
and complete sum of their view and their
body of work right because I think
people who who watch the show regularly
know very much that you have been
critical of the administration and that
you are not into like you know racist
tropes and have been in fact very
consistently particularly with Asian
Americans and Ally I mean look here's my
view and part of why we haven't talked
about it on the show to this point is
because in my list of concerns about
what's going on with coronavirus and the
pandemic itself the lack of response
the economic calamity like what we call
it is very very low on my list of
concerns about coronavirus now look my
view is that this is not helpful I would
never call it China virus because I do
worry about the stigma the stigma that
already is surrounding Asian Americans
with this idea that they're infected and
you have to stay away from them and it's
somehow their fault when obviously
that's all absurd and so that's why I
have an issue with the term but I also
think this is one of those classic ploys
from Trump where he throws this out
there this bit of like cultural red meat
where the right is gonna say like of
course we call it a China virus because
China was negligent and they covered
this up and their failure in response is
part of why we have this pandemic
absolutely true and the left is gonna
say this is racist
this is racialized this is a problem and
then you get this culture war fight over
it which Donald Trump loves he feels
this is very strong ground for him to
stand on it is much more of what he
would want to talk about versus the
utter catastrophe and failure of the
early stages of his response which we
can't get back right I'm glad that he's
finally taking it seriously thank God
that he is but we can't get those weeks
and months back we're still living with
the ramifications of not nearly enough
tests which means that the economic
calamity is gonna be that much worse
because we all have to stay quarantine
for longer he doesn't want to have that
discussion he would love to have this
fight which is why I just haven't said
anything about it because I think
frankly it's a waste of time
look to the extent I agree with you that
like the idea that just calling the
virus China virus is gonna make people
suddenly go oh now I hate Asian
Americans like I don't think that it
quite works like that ridiculous I don't
think it's helpful either so that is my
view I think it's kind of a sideshow
debate that I wish people would not be
engaged in I don't think the president
is helpful here I don't think the term
is helpful but I also don't rank it as
even in the top 100 of my concerns about
coronavirus yeah and I and I appreciate
all of that and again I want to say like
I
really this is this reminds me of
something which is that it what I said
was and this apparently what got most
pushback is that it's about the
priorities which is that whenever I see
the mainstream media and frankly a lot
of the progressive left it for some
reason on this particular instance
allied and trying to control you know
the whole like trying to legitimize
speeches violence and that people are
somehow so stupid that they take an
immediate cue from somebody saying
Chinese virus and you use that as an
excuse to attack somebody I think that's
utterly ridiculous I think that there
are some racist people out there they
should be condemned but that's not how
any of this stuff actually works having
actually experienced much of this myself
and I think that what it really comes
down to is again the Chinese regime
covered this thing up they are actively
their Chinese their spokespeople are out
there saying that the United States Army
is the one who invented the virus and
implanted it in Wuhan I mean these are
deeply offensive things to Americans and
insulting to the United States military
and that is something that really
bothers me and so if they're going to
Gaslight their population which they're
trying to in their search results
they're manipulating search results into
trying to show their population that
they're that America is the one who is
responsible for this then this takes
upon a geopolitical element to it it is
a legitimate term of use and I think
that I think a lot of people are on our
trick being tricked by the Chinese
regime and by much of the mainstream
media and to look the mainstream media
only cares about this for one thing
which is that you know they want to take
down Trump legitimize whatever the
racism narrative etc but I think a lot
of people are being falsely bought into
the idea that just using that term is
going to just greenlight millions of
people to go and attack someone I think
that's just absolutely ridiculous and
they need to understand why somebody
would be so concerned with what they see
as a proxy war over trying to control
America's supply chains that's that's
look this is all I really care about
like what I care about is bringing our
supply chain back to the United States
so American workers benefit that's it
that's all I care about and I think that
that that's something that this entire I
think it's a linguistic proxy war over a
much deeper and important policy
and you know what if there's any lesson
that's come out of this from my end it's
that people actually need to be educated
on yeah the Chinese Jean and the Chinese
regime and why anybody would be so
concerned about it in the first place
because I think there's like a
nonchalance and a cavalier Ness to which
we we view China and we let go you know
it's just like China it's not like an
enemy or something and the way I look at
it is just very very different yeah well
I mean ears here's what I would say is
that I think the use of this term
actually distracts from that debate and
discussion that you want to have because
it sort of nukes the discussion you know
what a party and it means that you're
arguing over this terminology rather
than talking about how do we bring those
supply chains back from China how do we
like where are the areas that have now
been revealed in which we're totally
insufficient I was just looking at an
article that was saying that now the the
holdup with testing is we don't have
basic supplies like swabs to be able to
do it not even the test kits but just
like the swabs that they need to be able
to do the tests so to me that's the
place to focus the attention but soccer
you know I always appreciate you I'm
willing to take whatever Twitter heat
comes at me on your III this is a very
direct message you leave Krystle alone
said it on my way I can take every
single one of it